chore(docs): Update copy in tutorial part 1 (#35992)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/tutorial/part-1/index.mdx

   ![The GitHub permissions page, asking whether you want to give Gatsby Cloud access to your repos. The "All repositories" option is selected.](./03-github-gatsby-cloud-permissions.png)

> 1. Now, when you go back to the Gatsby Cloud window, the repository list should contain your GitHub repository. Select it or click on **"Import"**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now, when you go back to the Gatsby Cloud window, the repository list should contain your GitHub repository. Select it by clicking on **"Import"**.
```

Since it actually says "Import", let's point people to that :)
